hey guys it's Alicia and um this is a
video that's different from a lot of the
videos that I do but I'm kind of adding
a new spin on my channel I'm just going
in a different direction in my life
period right now so I'm really really
excited at loads of just exciting things
but anyways it's in this video this is
actually just a few little showcases I
guess of peplum tops
I love the peplum because you can wear
it with anything jeans skirt you can do
so many things with the peplum and I
really just wanted to share like some of
the couple of tops that I have that I
think are really really gorgeous now I
didn't show the whole outfit in this
video but if you see it's hot that you
really really like and you want to see
like a full outfit I'll definitely do
that but it's really just a fun video to
showcase to top so I hope you guys enjoy
so I'm starting off with this first top
that's perfect for spring because if
it's a beautiful color and my most
favorite part is BAM the surprise in the
back of the shirt I love a good open
back top it's like a nice pleasant
surprise and I got this top from a store
called image
and I paired it with these cute earrings
that I got some accessory mall the next
top is this beautiful pebble that you
can wear with some jeans or you can wear
to I believe a professional environment
and the necklace is actually attached I
also got this top from image this video
doesn't even do it justice because the
color it has a beautiful gold sparkle
and I have some very simple earrings
here that also from the fishery mall you
know here's a more casual top I feel
like I feel like you can dress this up
but I wear it with jeans usually or
right now wearing some black tights and
it has a tribal print which is really in
now these days this top I just got from
a store that was recently opened here
and it's styles for Liz I'm talking to
my husband it's distracting me and
another is beautiful but simple pair of
earrings
I prefer smaller earrings
now here I have this simple table it's
simple but it has a little spice to it
because it has the faux leather bottom
here you can see that lining that goes
around the top and I find that wearing
white it's just really daring especially
when you have children this top I
actually got from Shasha I hope I'm
saying that right and these beautiful
earrings that I also got from accessory
one I hope you guys enjoyed this video
thank you for watching